## ld3-531.dsk

Roy Soltoff and/or William Schroeder hold copyright and/or
distribution rights to the software and documentation in this ZIP
archive.  Roy Soltoff and William Schroeder each individually grant
free permission to everyone to download and use this software and
documentation and to redistribute it to others, provided this notice
is retained.  All other rights are reserved.

## ld4-631.dsk

LS-DOS 6.3.1 copyright permission statement

Except as noted below, Roy Soltoff and/or William Schroeder hold
copyright and/or distribution rights to the software and documentation
in this ZIP archive.  Roy Soltoff and William Schroeder each
individually grant free permission to everyone to download and use
this software and documentation and to redistribute it to others,
provided this notice is retained.  All other rights are reserved.

This distribution is an exact image of the final version of LS-DOS
sold by Misosys, version 6.3, level 1H.

The Basic here is an enhanced version of Microsoft Model 4 Basic.  The
enhancements are provided under the copyright permission statement
above.  A complete Basic is provided instead of an enhancement patch
as a convenience to users.  The original Basic, copyright Microsoft,
is available on TRSDOS 6 disks from Tandy Software Replacement for $5,
and was also bundled with every Model 4.

The MODELA/III file here includes improved device driver and booting
code written and copyrighted by Frank Durda IV.  He has given
permission to retain that code in this free LS-DOS 6.3.1 distribution.
MODELA/III also includes Microsoft Model III Basic, and it may or may
not include portions of the Tandy device driver and booting code from
the original Tandy MODELA/III file.  Again, a complete MODELA/III file
is provided as a convenience to users.  The original Tandy version is
available on TRSDOS 6 (and several other) disks from Tandy Software
Replacement for $5, and was also bundled with every Model 4P.  A still
newer version of MODELA/III with further improvements is available for
sale from M.A.D. Software; contact Frank Durda IV for information.
